1. which of the following is not a common consideration on prompt engineering ?
    - length of the prompt
    - language used in the prompt
    - font size of the prompt
    - content of the prompt
2. state trur or false in an ai-first company the process of collecting data, analyzing data and data-driven decision making by takign quantative feedback from processes are automated.
    - true
    - false
3. what is the primary benefit of applying ai to software engineering ?
    - improved security measures
    - faster bug fixes
    - reduced development costs
    - enhanced user interface
4. which of the following statments about large language models (llms) and their capablities in software engineering is true ? 
    - unsupervised prompt engineering emplys unlabeled data, wheras supervised prompt engineering uses labled data to genrate prompts.
    - unsupervised prompt engineering creates prompts based on the structure of the input data, wheras supercised prompt engineering creates prompts for pre0 specified tasks.
    - unsupercised prompt engineering involves developing the language model from scratch, whereas supervised prompt engineering makes use of language models that have already been taught.
    - none of the above
5. which among the following is not capablities of gpt-3 ? 
    - translation of the text from a language to another
    - analysing text sentiment
    - performing calculations
    - responding to multipe problems at a time
6. which kind of language models are typically used for prompt engineering ?
    - pre-trained language models 
    - rules-based language models
    - reinforcment learning-based language models
    - both b and c 
7. which prompting technique lets the model generate intermdiate reasoning steps before giving the final answer ? 
    - zero show prompting
    - generated knowledge prompting
    - chain-of-thoughts prompting
    - few shot prompting
8. what should you do to make gpt-3 model provide a completion in specified formatted text form ?
    - you must depend on zero shot learning
    - you must give details of the content
    - you must give sutable examples
    - specific format outputs are not possible
9. which among the following is not a sdlc phase
    - define requirements
    - design and coding
    - freedback collection 
    - deployment
10. which ai model can produce an image output ?
    - chatgpt
    - gpt-3
    - dalle-2
    - both chatgpt and gpt-3
11. state true or false. single device computing is an exaple of ai-first.
    - true
    - false
12. what of the following is an example of an ai-first approach in software engineering ?
    - using ai to genrate text case automatically
    - building softwarewithout any human involvements
    - priontzing software architecture over ai techniques
    - ignoring the use of meching learing algorithms in software development
13. in which sdlc phase can ai aspects such as natural language processing be used for automated documentation generation ?
    - requirement gathering 
    - design and architecture
    - development and codeing
    - testing and quality assurance
14. which openai model can be used for requirement electation.
    - code-davind-002
    - text-davind-003
    - code-cushman-001
    - dall e - 2
15. what kind of output can dalle-2 produce ?
    - text and code 
    - image 
    - audio 
    - video
16. state true or false approach. produce designs do not cecome more user centric.
    - true
    - false
17. in the software development life cycle ( sdlc ), which phase is primarly concerned with deleiving the overall system architecture, componed designs, and user interface layout ?
    - requirement analysis
    - testing and validation
    - implementation and coding
    - design and planning
18. what is the role of teansfer learning in prompt enginnering ?
    - to fine-tune a per-trained language model fro specific tasks.
    - to generate task specific prompts for per teained language models 
    - to train a language model form scratch
    - to provide feedback and cptative promtps generated by language models.
19. state true of false: the value of the temperature parameter control the uncertainty in the output
    - ture
    - false
20. which among the following ate the key patterns for horizon - 2 system. 
    - ai governance
    - entity extraction
    - speech insights
    - classigication
21. what is a large language model ?
    - a model that can process and generate human-like test
    - a model that specializes in image recognition
    - a model designed for speech synthesis
    - a model used for data visulation
22. state true ot false: progeamming knowledge is required to interact with gpt-3
    - true
    - false
23. openai, gpt-3 models are based on which of the follworing architecture ? 
    - ternsformer
    - VAEs
    - GANs
    - LSTMs
24. what is the main focus of ai-first software engineering approach ?
    - priontzing development of ai systems over traditional softwares.
    - integration of ai capablities to sofoware enginnering processes.
    - make developers solely rely on ai algorithems.
    - make developers solely rely on traditional software.
25. which of the follworing satatements about large language models (llms) and their capablities in softeare engineering is true ?
    - llms ca only generate code but cannot perform other tasks like code refactoring or transiction between progeamming languages.
    - llms are limited to providing inputs based on their own learnings and cannot benefit from other similar works.
    - llms are an ideal tool for adopting an ai-first software engineering approach as they can perform a wide ranfe of tasks, includeing code generation refactoring, erreo correction, code styling, documentation generaations, and translationnn between programming languages.
26. during which of the following sdlc pahses generative si capablities ca be utilized.
    - requirement elicltation
    - design
    - coding
27. how can ai contribute to sdlc user acceptance testing (UAT) phase ?
    - by automatically generatign test scripts
    - by condecting lad testing
    - by analyzing user behavior and perferences
    - by creating system documentation
28. state true or false : prompt engineering is only applicable to text based ai models
    - false
    - true
29. prompt engineering can help in adderssing the issue of 
    - sample quality
    - data scarcity
    - overfitting 
    - adversarial attacks
30. in the software development life cycle (sdlc) which phase is responsible for converting the detailed design specifications into executable code by writing and integrating the necessary software components ?
    - requirement gathering and analysis
    - system testing and validation
    - software deployment and maintenance
    - software implementation and integration
31. identify the primary principle that 'ai first' companies should keep in mind while designing their products.
    - product should be fesible
    - product should be afforable for masses
    - product should be user centric
    - product should be adaptive
32. state true or false: ai-fiest software engineering ca be applied to vairious domains, including helthcare, finance and transpotation.
    - true
    - false
33. choose all the calid attributes of si-fiest experience ?
    - contextual computing
    - semeless netural interaction with systems
    - computing that cannot learn and adapt 
    - multi-device conputing.
34. how can ai contribute to the requirement gathering pahse of the sdlc.
    - by automatically generating user stories and use cases
    - by conducting user interviews and surveys
    - by creating visual prototypes
    - by performing code reviews and analysis
35. what is the difference between a "perfix" and a "prompt" in prompt engineering ?
    - they are two names for the same thing; there is no distinction.
    - prefixes are fixed words groups that always appear at the state of the prompts, whereas prompts ca change. 
    - a prompt is a constant group of words that always appear at the start of the prefix, while a prefix can change
    - none of the above
36. in openai gpt framework, top-p refers to 
    - the probability of the token that should be chosen by the language model 
    - the cumulative probability of tokens that can be choosen by the language model
    - the probability that the generatied response is accurate
    - the proprtion of data in the prompt to the data in the response
37. state true or false: the openai gpt framework can be used only for python projects in the development phase.
    - true
    - false


